# MY MLH PROJECT

## Install
To install this package, run the following command:

`npm install`

This will install all the necessary dependencies required for the package to function properly

## List of things Yet to complete

- [ ] Adding routes to href
- [X] ~~Changing the from and to data make it domestic~~
- [ ] Resolving the CRUD errors
- [ ] Completing the Login and signup authentication page
- [X] ~~Adding content to the services~~

Selenium: You need to have a good understanding of how Selenium works, how to configure it, how to create and execute automated tests, how to interact with the web elements on a web page using Selenium WebDriver, and how to capture network logs using Selenium.

Python: You will need to have knowledge of Python to write the scripts for opening the URL, clicking on the header navigation items, and storing network logs generated on the browser to your local machine. You will also need Python to build the server that will handle the API requests.

ElasticSearch: You will need knowledge of ElasticSearch to store and retrieve the network logs generated by Selenium. ElasticSearch is a popular open-source search and analytics engine that is used to index and search large volumes of data. You will need to know how to set up ElasticSearch and how to use it to index and search the network logs.

ReactJS: You will need knowledge of ReactJS to build the UI that will display the time series graph and the filters for the network logs. ReactJS is a popular front-end JavaScript library that is used to build user interfaces.
